hey everyone today I'm gonna be doing a
quick look because I'm on my way out the
door saw yo go first of all start with
some moisturizer I'm just using some
simple stuff and the reason I'm using
this instead of foundation is because
the Lumbee skin kind of untouched of
color right so one it kind of mild and
medium and nothing on it
because I'm putting a bit of this on and
I needed like a base for the stick too
so the moisturizer comes in handy
I'm using the supernatural it's
philosophy I found it and I'm really
quite excited look at the poofy on the
top so I'm going to just Pat that on and
it doesn't add much color just a little
bit I don't even know where on earth I
got this one brand new I've got it
obviously I'm using it but I don't know
where it came from so if you find any
online that is not cool you can see the
color and come together but it's not all
of a kill and you've got to be careful
if you win and then wait Nick I am on
there I'm sure we shall come down here
just a little bit no no don't really
don't need a lot done now you're gonna
see how simple this look really is I've
got a little bit of elf and it's just an
all-over caustic and I keep forgetting
to me primer and I can't use anything
other than this right now because
there's nothing else available
everything is in storage in this room
and I'm not kidding you I've been
rifling through box there's nothing
trying to find something that I can use
for like a primer and I don't even know
where the stuff I've used in the last
video was of God it's completely just
disappeared
nobody comes in here bought me so I
don't know what's going on but it's gone
really just gone make sure you blend
this stuff in and you don't leave it
like a thick layer because it's called
it's not great for things like that but
it just it does you in order to get you
a nice little base on providing you make
sure you get all of it smudged right out
and it's just a tiny little trace of it
then your eyeshadow should increase the
moss on it I'm using Verve so the Naked
palette make it to forget much remembers
which they do look similar but they're
all different in there there's different
eyeshadow so if you do decide to buy two
you're not going to be doubling up and
it is such a nice color look see this
look is going to be SuperDuper quick and
browser grown back really soft of a nice
shape again for me I like the shape so
I'm quite happy about that I'm using
some black truck this here is quite nice
especially user the angled liner just to
have a good little line here I want to
really lift it up maybe it's a bit of a
cup flip but a door I'm not gonna go
overboard because they'll gone out in
the dawn and look too much so yeah we'll
go balance he little finger on your
cheek it does help be much in love the
TV nearly so we'll watched Sex
Mississippi all the time on a nighttime
and I've been watching
I watched Britta Jones diary
I'm putting a bit of this on the bottom
it's eyebright by benefit you can use
this all l'oreal I've got one it's
second high alumina use the the white
tip of that I'm gonna go with the softer
pink because I'm gonna put some in
lipstick on - so don't it look too
different I need it sharpen this oops
sorry
I'm gonna stick a bit of mascara on I'm
using that will be lashed by macdaddy
and it gets more this you know it's very
good stuff just tip your head back
because you've got a light eyeshadow on
you don't want to cut it wasn't mascara
wand can you hear my crazy dogs means
crazy that's well crazy
I want to sharp broad strokes of this
and it's dark naked by markets got a
little bit of a gold shimmer to it I'm
using the big brush and I just wanna pop
a bit across the cheek bone me for me
lips I'm using this bullseye kill and it
is uber sexy pink really like it it's by
urban Tiki I'm gonna it's got a little
picture on I love that see if you can
see it can you see that it's like a
little sword little sword or a little
knife probably knife knife small popular
and then urban to care and underneath in
just like a stop movie nice
yeah I like that look and I think it's
to the pulpit or a bit right I really
hope you enjoyed I'm gonna go sit on the
bed
I'll be back and I've got a vlog coming
up cuz I've been keeping some stuff back
to tell you is also legal as I say all
of it zum-zum